docs: Adding brief documentation to coreComponent packages (#3352)
GEOS-DEV/GEOS: src/coreComponents/fileIO/CMakeLists.txt

#==================================================================================================
# Package : fileIO
#
# Contains I/O interfaces to the three main outputs types : HDF5, VTK, Silo
# Contains coupler for data exchange with CHOMBO

> # Contains python wrappers for Time History and VTK outputs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Contains I/O interfaces for the packing components and supported outputs and their python wrappers.
# Contains coupler for data exchange with CHOMBO.
```
